fix: upgrade vault-plugin-secrets-kv to v0.13.1 (#17339)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/17339.txt

```release-note:bug

> plugins/kv: Ensure KV v2 operations are only matched when the URL path doesn't contain a trailing slash. Previously caused 500 Internal Server Errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
plugins/kv: KV v2 returns 404 instead of 500 for request paths that incorrectly include a trailing slash.
```
